come to learn that it is our karma that
is the cause for our problems are stuck
places in life and so I have come to
think of our Karma as the theme of our
souls book and the experiences that
happen to us in life and in all of our
other lives as the plot of our souls
book and as you know the plot is how the
theme works itself out so I want to
wanted to talk to you about today is the
Karma we choose when we choose to be
human because we don't always choose to
be human but when we do it's primarily
for a few different reasons but the
largest reason is emotionality the human
form the human planet Earth school gives
us a rich experience in emotionality and
in fact emotionality contains the second
most number of karmic lessons and I
found that there are four major themes
that we plan our karmic lessons around
the first one being the relationship
with ourselves and all that that entails
and that contains the majority the
highest number of the karmic lessons the
second theme is emotionality which I
spoke of just a moment ago which
contains the second highest amount of
karmic lessons third and fourth in no
particular order is well there's also a
fifth and let me just write that down
for a moment to remind myself
responsibility the theme of
responsibility and it's responsibility
to others but it's also responsibility
to ourselves we don't always work on
both of those ask
Effects of responsibility in every life
when we choose responsibility sometimes
we work on one and not the other and
then a 1/4 karmic theme and I've been
able to identify as I understand it is
flexibility flexibility because when we
are rigid we are manipulative and
domineering and controlling and when we
cross out of life and into the time
in-between lives and we're looking back
and reviewing our lives when we see this
kind of controlling behavior we don't
feel good about it we feel like we can
do better and so it comes to like
rigidity versus flexibility negative
positive I don't assign negative or
positive values to it but that's one way
that you might correlate and then fifth
is leadership leadership is interesting
not every soul chooses that and not
every soul chooses to have the same
experience of leadership and in
leadership we can refine our
emotionality and responsibility
you